README.md, before:

# StyledPages - PDF Generator with Freemium Model

A professional PDF generator with authentication, usage tracking, and freemium features.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Start Development Server
```bash
npm run dev
```

### 3. Open in Browser
Go to: http://localhost:3000

## 🔥 Firebase Setup

The Firebase configuration is already set up in `firebase-config.js`. Make sure you have:

### Authentication Methods Enabled:
1. Go to [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
2. Select your project: `styledpages-ace17`
3. Go to **Authentication** → **Sign-in method**
4. Enable:
   - ✅ **Email/Password**
   - ✅ **Google** (add your domain to authorized domains)

### Firestore Database:
1. Go to **Firestore Database**
2. Create database in **production mode**
3. Set up security rules:

```javascript
rules_version = '2';
service cloud.firestore {
  match /databases/{database}/documents {
    match /users/{userId} {
      allow read, write: if request.auth != null && request.auth.uid == userId;
    }
  }
}
```

## 🧪 Testing

Open browser console and run:

```javascript
// Check Firebase status
styledPagesTesting.auth.checkFirebase()

// Test authentication
styledPagesTesting.auth.getCurrentUser()

// Test word count limits
styledPagesTesting.testWordCount()

// Test PDF download limits
styledPagesTesting.simulateDownload()
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
StyledPages/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── styles.css          # All CSS styles
├── script.js           # Main JavaScript application
├── server.js           # Express server for localhost
├── firebase-config.js  # Firebase configuration
├── package.json        # Dependencies and scripts
└── README.md           # This file
```

## 🎯 Features

- ✅ **Real Firebase Authentication** (Email/Password + Google)
- ✅ **Usage Tracking** (3 PDFs for free users)
- ✅ **Word Count Limits** (1000 words max for free)
- ✅ **Device Fingerprinting** (Prevents abuse)
- ✅ **Progressive Account Requirements**
- ✅ **Professional UI/UX**

## 🚀 Deployment

For production deployment, you can use:
- **Vercel**: `vercel --prod`
- **Netlify**: Connect your GitHub repo
- **Firebase Hosting**: `firebase deploy`

## 🔧 Development

- **Start server**: `npm start`
- **Development mode**: `npm run dev` (with auto-reload)
- **Generate PDF**: `npm run generate-pdf`

Commit message:

🔒 SECURITY FIX: Remove exposed API keys and implement secure environment variables
- Remove exposed Firebase, Pexels, and Gemini API keys
- Add environment variable support with dotenv
- Update .gitignore to protect sensitive files
- Create .env.example template for setup
- Add comprehensive security documentation
- Create deployment guides for Vercel
- Implement fallback values for local development
- All API keys now hidden from users in production

Files modified:
- firebase-config.js: Use environment variables
- script.js: Use environment variables for API keys
- server.js: Add dotenv support
- .gitignore: Protect config files
- README.md: Add security notice and setup guide
- New files: SECURITY.md, DEPLOYMENT.md, QUICK_SETUP.md, .env.example, vercel.json

README.md, after:

# StyledPages - PDF Generator with Freemium Model

A professional PDF generator with authentication, usage tracking, and freemium features.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Start Development Server
```bash
npm run dev
```

### 3. Open in Browser
Go to: http://localhost:3000

## 🔥 Firebase Setup

**⚠️ SECURITY NOTICE**: API keys have been removed from this repository for security. You must set up your own configuration.

### 1. Get Your API Keys
- **Firebase**: Go to [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/) → Project Settings → General
- **Pexels**: Get free API key from [Pexels API](https://www.pexels.com/api/)
- **Gemini**: Get API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey)

### 2. Configure Your Keys
1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your API keys
2. Update `firebase-config.js` with your Firebase configuration
3. Update `script.js` with your API keys

### 3. Firebase Configuration
Make sure you have:

### Authentication Methods Enabled:
1. Go to [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
2. Select your project (create one if needed)
3. Go to **Authentication** → **Sign-in method**
4. Enable:
   - ✅ **Email/Password**
   - ✅ **Google** (add your domain to authorized domains)

### Firestore Database:
1. Go to **Firestore Database**
2. Create database in **production mode**
3. Set up security rules:

```javascript
rules_version = '2';
service cloud.firestore {
  match /databases/{database}/documents {
    match /users/{userId} {
      allow read, write: if request.auth != null && request.auth.uid == userId;
    }
  }
}
```

## 🧪 Testing

Open browser console and run:

```javascript
// Check Firebase status
styledPagesTesting.auth.checkFirebase()

// Test authentication
styledPagesTesting.auth.getCurrentUser()

// Test word count limits
styledPagesTesting.testWordCount()

// Test PDF download limits
styledPagesTesting.simulateDownload()
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
StyledPages/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── styles.css          # All CSS styles
├── script.js           # Main JavaScript application
├── server.js           # Express server for localhost
├── firebase-config.js  # Firebase configuration
├── package.json        # Dependencies and scripts
└── README.md           # This file
```

## 🎯 Features

- ✅ **Real Firebase Authentication** (Email/Password + Google)
- ✅ **Usage Tracking** (3 PDFs for free users)
- ✅ **Word Count Limits** (1000 words max for free)
- ✅ **Device Fingerprinting** (Prevents abuse)
- ✅ **Progressive Account Requirements**
- ✅ **Professional UI/UX**

## 🚀 Deployment

For production deployment, you can use:
- **Vercel**: `vercel --prod`
- **Netlify**: Connect your GitHub repo
- **Firebase Hosting**: `firebase deploy`

## 🔧 Development

- **Start server**: `npm start`
- **Development mode**: `npm run dev` (with auto-reload)
- **Generate PDF**: `npm run generate-pdf`
